# Accessibility

##Â What is accessibility?

**Web accessibility means that people with disabilities can use the Web.**
More specifically, Web accessibility means that people with disabilities can
perceive, understand, navigate, and interact with the Web, and that they can
contribute to the Web. Web accessibility also benefits others, including older
people with changing abilities due to aging.

Web accessibility encompasses all disabilities that affect access to the Web,
including visual, auditory, physical, speech, cognitive, and neurological
disabilities. The document "How People with Disabilities Use the Web"
describes how different disabilities affect Web use and includes scenarios of
people with disabilities using the Web.

Millions of people have disabilities that affect their use of the Web.
Currently most Web sites and Web software have accessibility barriers that
make it difficult or impossible for many people with disabilities to use the
Web. As more accessible Web sites and software become available, people with
disabilities are able to use and contribute to the Web more effectively.

Web accessibility also benefits people without disabilities. For example, a
key principle of Web accessibility is designing Web sites and software that
are flexible to meet different user needs, preferences, and situations. This
flexibility also benefits people without disabilities in certain situations,
such as people using a slow Internet connection, people with "temporary
disabilities" such as a broken arm, and people with changing abilities due to
aging. The document "Developing a Web Accessibility Business Case for Your
Organization" describes many different benefits of Web accessibility,
including benefits for organizations.

*source [W3C](http://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/accessibility.php)*

## Why this is important

An accessible web is important to let everyone experience the web **equally**.
The Administration requires such standards to give equal access to information
that is important for everyone.

## Accessibility for the Swiss Administration

Accessibility is required on websites for the Swiss Administration. All the
good practices and standards from [WCAG](http://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/wcag.php)
should be used. 

Please refer to the
[Accessibility Checklist](http://www.accessibility-checklist.ch/) for a good
starting point. 